OneLogin auth provider refresh method fixing scope as start method (#23582)
backstage/backstage: .changeset/hip-bears-breathe.md

---
'@backstage/plugin-auth-backend': patch
---

> OneLogin auth provider
> Refresh method fixed scope matching start method

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed refresh scope to match start method in OneLogin provider.
```

Author: Update thanks for the suggestion :)
